hello to all and all the friends that me
It's a pleasure to meet you
today so for a little test
souls and so today leaves this
will be on the famous cube and mojito of
at fantasia so I think you in
have heard a lot about me
a tobacco that I love
especially because simply
it's a state so prefer to level
simply cutting like you
you can see it below we have
really just cutting out some
very fine petals not a lot of
branches as you can see at
Damascus very red and his future so we
has a very nice cuts on the part
rags Tasiast really outstanding
so at the top on this level there side smell on
really find something
similar to mojito so you 're really
not skimped on it we find the
little touch of Rome that really passes
very well
this mante pretty nice not very
strong but quite friendly with a
very good out of lime
really very peppy we are very very
good smell of lime
so we're really a lime who
fart nostrils with this little
touch of rome
it's really fun and this little
touch asks so we really have a
tobacco representing the mojito with the
touch of alcohol that goes very well
the smell so at the level of the make up
today we are left with the focus
put to jumbo with a trekking 33 mm for
the small constations in the evening all
simply
with massey leaves as you can
see that I adorned with an Inuit chi cat
simply to look pretty because that
does not matter any more
unstable simply because it is
already pretty cool so I'll get you
test this and I tell you my impressions
high level
so at the level of without skimping on
find exactly what you smell
be one of the lime peppers
in the mouth with this touch of rome
really very friendly and so this
mantis also that will give a little bit of
freshness to this tobacco so we really
something really top really
something that is reminiscent of
Mojito cocktail
there is really nothing to say at this level
there we find exactly the taste of a
Mojito cocktail
however this tobacco is not very sweet
I want to clarify
so we have a tobacco really focused on
the acidity of lime on the
power of taste of Rome everything
simply with this little touch of
mint to refresh a little everything
has a tobacco at his expense but very very
little sweet so a taste all
simply I personally adore
not especially low state fan on
sweet it's to bala I really was
quite regularly there it was
a long time that I had not done so
I thought why not do you
a little ego so at the level of the smoke
as you have seen but I think
there is not much to say smoke
is rather correct so at the level of
notes if I had to note single increases
noticeable simply at the level of
the smell
personally I will give a 4 4 and
half in five because I really love this
smell i love the smell of mojito i love
the lime so
really a top smell what I put in
positive point especially in advance and that
so this mojito tobacco tastes of Rome
who is present so that's pretty rare
on tobacco and so in the mouth
find exactly the same smell so
be me I can not m below 4
enemies because it's a metal a
favorite as I said to you for me
he gets into my top top 3 so I
do not really have but a ship that's
really a tobacco fabulous eyes so I
highly recommend it for those
who for those who love mojito they
will simply find their happiness
so we're going to shoot 2 3 bars for the smoke
and we will leave Switzerland
so a smoke really very very
thick very very white
so at the level of the smoke frankly
there is nothing to say about a tobacco that is
hard enough matched the level of smoke
personally I often do the most
big smoke sessions on this tobacco
there then on my fantasia I often do
the most films possible is the same
thing on the margaret she kamikaze who
is really a crazy smoke at every
times so honestly level I smoke
nothing to say I m and half bursts so
overall cat and a half for this tobacco I
strongly recommend
and what do you want me to do
tell
I advise you simply
bought it if you like the mojito you there
will really find your happiness so
friends we will leave each other on it
I hope you enjoyed it
to find me for a video that is
are about tobacco because that makes
long enough so I tell you
axial good evening continue to follow on
the chain makes me really great
pleasure to mathias too so we get
will return very soon for a
new video
I tell you to cheo long evening
friends and bassett happy holidays
Hi